Before I’ll write my experience in troubleshooting, I will write the meaning of troubleshooting.
Troubleshooting is a form of problem solving, often applied to repair failed products or processes on a machine or a system. It is a logical, systematic search for the source of a problem in order to solve it, and make the product or process operational again. Troubleshooting is needed to identify the symptoms. Determining the most likely cause is a process of elimination—eliminating potential causes of a problem. Finally, troubleshooting requires confirmation that the solution restores the product or process to its working state. In general, troubleshooting is the identification or diagnosis of "trouble" in the management flow of a corporation or a system caused by a failure of some kind. The problem is initially described as symptoms of malfunction, and troubleshooting is the process of determining and remedying the causes of these symptoms. From the name itself “troubleshooting” which means that we’re going to troubleshoot or diagnos the defective/damaged parts/components of the computer so that we are aware if there is a problem occur. And I also experienced those things in this subject. I’m also glad that we have this subject because only few people know how to do this kind of work. I know that my experience was not profound but at least I know the basic one. Troubleshooting is not an easy thing that you are thinking, like just to find the damage parts of the computer. It is also how to fix/prevent the problem occur on that computer. We should be responsible from what happened in our own computer and take good care of it. Because it is import to us (computer engineering) student to take good care of our beloved laptop/computer we have, right? Don’t tell me no ‘cause I know that it is important. And to our instructor who teaches us about this subject, I know that it’s not easy being an instructor. It can be quite difficult to put your knowledge into teaching field especially you are a fresh graduate. Like you said before that you are not into a teaching thing and you are not good in talking people. I know it’s hard for you at first. But I also know that as long as you go along, it will be easier over time. An instructor is not only someone who teaches, but they are a symbol of learning.  An instructor is a person who plays the most important role in the development of any student, why? It’s because they are the one who explain things that is not understandable. “The future of those students depends on the qualities and the dedication of that teacher” this quotes is a good one, right? Instructors/teachers are the one who creates an interest in students to develop and to progress. They also give advice that can make the students not to lose their determination. Being an instructor is a challenge for them, why? Because they need to have a good relationship with their students to have a quite/harmonize/interesting/humorous discussion in their class. Extrinsic motivators are sometimes used when instructors have a student or class who feels like they have earn’t something for their hard work. This could be things such as plus points for their attendance or it could be receiving verbal or written praise, it is funny but true. I know that you try your best but I guess the best wasn’t good enough hahaha joke ra bitaw sir pero its true sir that you are good instructor. That’s all sir and thank you for teaching us in anyways you could give to us.
